add notes on formats (#72)
Geode-solutions/docs: guides/formats.md

| ----------- | --------------------------- |
| .og_strm    | [`StructuralModel`]         |
| .og_xsctn   | [`CrossSection`]            |
| .og_hst2d   | [`HorizonsStack2D`]         |
| .og_hst3d   | [`HorizonsStack3D`]         |
| .og_istrm   | [`ImplicitStructuralModel`] |
| .og_ixsctn  | [`ImplicitCrossSection`]    |
| .og_stgm    | [`StratigraphicModel`]      |
| .og_stgs    | [`StratigraphicSection`]    |

## Using OpenGeode-IO

| File format | OpenGeode object                                                                                                                                                  | Input | Output | Notes                                        |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----- | ------ | -------------------------------------------- |
| .dxf        | [`PolygonalSurface3D`]                                                                                                                                            | ✓     | ✓      |                                              |

> | .msh        | [`BRep`]                                                                                                                                                          | ✓     | ✓      | v2 and v4, requires triangles and tetrahedra |

Reviewer: v2 and v4 for input, v4 only for output

Reviewer: i do not like the wording "requires"

| .shp        | [`Section`]                                                                                                                                                       | ✓     |        |                                              |
| .shz        | [`Section`]                                                                                                                                                       | ✓     |        |                                              |
| .stl        | [`TriangulatedSurface3D`]                                                                                                                                         | ✓     | ✓      |                                              |
| .svg        | [`Section`]                                                                                                                                                       | ✓     |        |                                              |

> | .triangle   | [`TriangulatedSurface2D`]                                                                                                                                         | ✓     | ✓      | .ele, .node, .neigh                          |

Reviewer: more verbose, ex: output three files named *.ee, *.node, *.neigh

> | .vti        | [`RegularGrid3D`] [`RegularGrid2D`]                                                                                                                               | ✓     |        | ascii, binary and encoded appendedData                                     |

Reviewer 2: C'est les AppendedData qui sont supportés en ascii, binaire et encoded ? ou c'est encoded AppendedData en plus des deux autres ? Ce n'est pas hyper clair si on n'est pas complètement familier avec les fichiers vtk

| .vtm        | [`Section`] [`BRep`]                                                                                                                                              |       | ✓      |                                              |
| .jpg        | [`RasterImage2D`]                                                                                                                                                 | ✓     |        |                                              |
| .png        | [`RasterImage2D`]                                                                                                                                                 | ✓     |        |                                              |

## Using OpenGeode-GeosciencesIO

| File format | OpenGeode object          | Input | Output | Notes                             |
| ----------- | ------------------------- | ----- | ------ | --------------------------------- |

> | .lso        | [`StructuralModel`]       | ✓     | ✓      | requires triangles and tetrahedra |

Reviewer: Structural Model block should be meshed with tetrahedra to be saved ?

## Using OpenGeode-IO

| File format | OpenGeode object                                                                                                                                                  | Input | Output | Notes                                                                                                               |
| ----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| .dxf        | [`PolygonalSurface3D`]                                                                                                                                            | ✓     | ✓      |                                                                                                                     |

> | .msh        | [`BRep`]                                                                                                                                                          | ✓     | ✓      | v2 and v4 for input, v4 only for output, requires triangulated surfaces and optionally tetrahedral blocks if meshed |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| .msh        | [`BRep`]                                                                                                                                                          | ✓     | ✓      | v2 and v4 for input, v4 only for output, requires triangulated surfaces and tetrahedral blocks (if they are meshed) |
```
